README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="communications.svg"></p>

# Table of contents
<!-- TOC START min:1 max:4 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Communications](#communications)
  - [Blog](#blog)
      - [Published Posts](#published-posts)
      - [Drafts and Unpublished Posts](#drafts-and-unpublished-posts)
  - [Newsletter](#newsletter)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Communications

This repo contains all public communications, from WIP to completed status.

## Blog

A copy of all posts from our [ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost) [blog](https://blog.joystream.org/) are kept here. Unpublished posts are typically additional step-by-step instructions accessible through in-post links or on demand, that are either temporary workarounds and/or not actually necessary for most users.

`URL` refers to blog.joystream.org/`url`

#### Published Posts
| Title                                                                                                                                                                 | URL                           | Published         | Category              |
| ------------------------------------                                                                                                                                  |------------------------------ | ------------------| --------------        |
| [Welcome to the new Joystream Blog](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/welcome-to-the-new-joystream-blog)                                   | /welcome                      | 05.12.18          | General               |
| [The Joystream Manifesto](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-joystream-manifesto)                                                       | /manifesto                    | 05.12.18          | General               |
| [Introducing Jsgenesis](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/introducing-jsgenesis)                                                           | /jsgenesis                    | 11.12.19          | General               |
| [Launching Testnet - Mesopotamia](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/launching-testnet-mesopotamia)                                         | /mesopotamia                  | 21.12.19          | Release - Mesopotamia |
| [Earn Monero on Sparta Testnet](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/earn-monero-on-sparta-testnet)                                           | /pay-for-play                 | 12.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [The Sparta Incentives Structure](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-sparta-incentive-structure)                                        | /sparta-incentives-structure  | 21.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [Sparta Released](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/sparta-released)                                                                       | /sparta                       | 28.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [On-chain Consensus Upgrades Without Hardforks](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/on-chain-consensus-upgrades-without-requiring-hardforks) | /upgrades                     | 26.03.19          | Technical             |
| [Whitepaper Published](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/whitepaper-published)                                                             | /whitepaper-published         | 27.03.19          | Technical             |
| [The Sack of Sparta](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-sack-of-sparta)                                                                 | /sparta-sacked                | 01.04.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [From Sparta to Athens](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/from-sparta-to-athens)                                                           | /sparta-to-athens             | 03.04.19          | Release - Athens      |
| [Athens Incentive Structure](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-athens-incentive-structure)               | /athens-incentives                       | 15.04.19             | Release - Athens      |
| [Athens Released](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/athens-released)               | /athens-released  | 17.04.19       | Release - Athens      |


#### Drafts and Unpublished Posts
| Title                                                                                                                                                      | URL                                      | Status            | Category              |
| ------------------------------------                                                                                                                       |------------------------------            | ------------------| --------------        |
| [Sparta - Install the UI on Windows/Mac](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/drafts-unpublished/sparta-ui)                        | /p/8e8f08a6-08d5-4a64-9f08-08aedd0d5719/ | Unpublished       | Release - Sparta      |
| [Supply Signature Temporarily](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/drafts-unpublished/supply-signature-temporarily)               | /p/dbbfe66d-4af3-42f3-93fb-9cde97721988/ | Unpublished       | Release - Sparta      |



## Newsletter

WIP: have something here on branding guide and assets, perhaps list of posts also, wiht status (draft, in review, posted, etc.)

Commit message:

first draft of announcing acropolis

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="communications.svg"></p>

# Table of contents
<!-- TOC START min:1 max:4 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Communications](#communications)
  - [Contribute](#contribute)
  - [Blog](#blog)
      - [Published Posts](#published-posts)
      - [Drafts and Unpublished Posts](#drafts-and-unpublished-posts)
  - [Newsletter](#newsletter)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Communications

This repo contains all public communications, from WIP to completed status.


## Contribute

As an open source project, we are always looking for contributors. You can read more about the process [here](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream#contribute), and the potential rewards [here](https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk#builders-and-bug-reporters).


## Blog

A copy of all posts from our [ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost) [blog](https://blog.joystream.org/) are kept here. Unpublished posts are typically additional step-by-step instructions accessible through in-post links or on demand, that are either temporary workarounds and/or not actually necessary for most users.

`URL` refers to blog.joystream.org/`url`

#### Published Posts
| Title                                                                                                                                                                 | URL                           | Published         | Category              |
| ------------------------------------                                                                                                                                  |------------------------------ | ------------------| --------------        |
| [Welcome to the new Joystream Blog](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/welcome-to-the-new-joystream-blog)                                   | /welcome                      | 05.12.18          | General               |
| [The Joystream Manifesto](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-joystream-manifesto)                                                       | /manifesto                    | 05.12.18          | General               |
| [Introducing Jsgenesis](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/introducing-jsgenesis)                                                           | /jsgenesis                    | 11.12.19          | General               |
| [Launching Testnet - Mesopotamia](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/launching-testnet-mesopotamia)                                         | /mesopotamia                  | 21.12.19          | Release - Mesopotamia |
| [Earn Monero on Sparta Testnet](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/earn-monero-on-sparta-testnet)                                           | /pay-for-play                 | 12.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [The Sparta Incentives Structure](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-sparta-incentive-structure)                                        | /sparta-incentives-structure  | 21.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [Sparta Released](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/sparta-released)                                                                       | /sparta                       | 28.02.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [On-chain Consensus Upgrades Without Hardforks](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/on-chain-consensus-upgrades-without-requiring-hardforks) | /upgrades                     | 26.03.19          | Technical             |
| [Whitepaper Published](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/whitepaper-published)                                                             | /whitepaper-published         | 27.03.19          | Technical             |
| [The Sack of Sparta](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-sack-of-sparta)                                                                 | /sparta-sacked                | 01.04.19          | Release - Sparta      |
| [From Sparta to Athens](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/from-sparta-to-athens)                                                           | /sparta-to-athens             | 03.04.19          | Release - Athens      |
| [Athens Incentive Structure](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/the-athens-incentive-structure)                                             | /athens-incentives            | 15.04.19          | Release - Athens      |
| [Athens Released](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/athens-released)                                                                       | /athens-released              | 17.04.19          | Release - Athens      |


#### Drafts and Unpublished Posts
| Title                                                                                                                                                      | URL                                      | Status            | Category              |
| ------------------------------------                                                                                                                       |------------------------------            | ------------------| --------------        |
| [Sparta - Install the UI on Windows/Mac](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/drafts-unpublished/sparta-ui)                        | /p/8e8f08a6-08d5-4a64-9f08-08aedd0d5719/ | Unpublished       | Release - Sparta      |
| [Supply Signature Temporarily](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/drafts-unpublished/supply-signature-temporarily)               | /p/dbbfe66d-4af3-42f3-93fb-9cde97721988/ | Unpublished       | Release - Sparta      |
| [Announcing Acropolis](https://github.com/Joystream/communications/tree/master/blog/drafts-unpublished/announcing-acropolis)                               | /p/a34ea341-4d93-49d0-9d4f-43bf7bcc06a4/ | Draft             | Release - Acropolis   |


## Newsletter

WIP: have something here on branding guide and assets, perhaps list of posts also, wiht status (draft, in review, posted, etc.)
